GameGuru Testing Plan
---------------------

The following is a sequence of steps undertaken to ensure that every core feature of GameGuru is tested prior to a release. Some of the steps are exhaustive and can be skipped for a quicker test session. The whole test is anticipated to take from around two hours.

The Installation
----------------

1. First ensure your test environment is backed up to protect against catastrophic failure
2. Now uninstall GameGuru from Steam, then delete the local folder located here: Steam\steamapps\common\Game Guru
3. Install a fresh copy of GameGuru from the BETA variation of the product

The IDE
-------

1. All welcome dialog buttons

2. All menu items

3. All toolbar buttons

4. Add all markers and entity selection from default assets (include a few from each folder, enemies, doors, weapons)

5. Widget menu and all shortcut features of editor (press F1 for keys)

6. Save the level you created in the above sequence (name it _coretest.fpm)

The Multiplayer
---------------

1. Host the _coretest.fpm level and run instantly (do not allow others to join)

2. Repeat above step with secondary joiners (only if possible and have a team on standby)

The Test Game
-------------

1. Run up to each entity in above loaded level to test material index (shoot to see material)

2. Also check collision bounds for each entity, be they static or dynamic (do you go through them)

3. Go into F9 mode and use all terrain editing modes, then all entity placement modes

4. Create a hole filled with water and test player drowning

5. Press TAB TAB and adjust every slider to ensure the correct effect is applied

6. Try at least three different terrains, skies and vegetation from available items

7. Lightmap the level with F1, F2, F3 and F4 to ensure the baking works and looks okay

8. Exit test game and save results of modifications

The Standalone
--------------

1. Using the above level, use the Save Standalone feature to create an executable called _coretest

2. Rnu this executable and click through all the menus in the main menu and in-game menus

3. You added a winzone in the level, get to this to end the game

4. Return to GameGuru, edit the winzone in the above level to show IFUSED=_coretest2 then create a level of this name

5. Create a second standalone executable using the above saved level, get to level two and exit the game

Restricted Content Mode
-----------------------

1. Activate restricted content mode from the Help menu

2. Ensure the asset store, multiplayer and download store items items are hidden

3. Ensure no violent weapons, bloody zombies or enemies with modern guns in library

4. Ensure no blood toggle properties appear in player start marker and character entities
